_SCENE_0 Computer terminal jumps up with command (WAKE UP)
_SCENE_1
	Character lying/ hunched over near electronic and computer parts.(mostly undressed)

Terminal window opt. reveals with LOCATIONS and ID, (jacket)INVENTORY List and TASKS  Notes.
ID part of terminal has string of numbers, question marks and ID
First quest, “Whats my name” ongoing quest “WHO AM 1?”
Character examines(“LOOKS”) at information in terminal ID “-This looks wrong-” “Where is my name?’’ 
Id information can change when character discovers more information about themselves
Picks up OBJECT “old Jacket” Says “theres something in the pocket (if “looks at” says its a wrinkled old jacket” if talk to jacket character says “hello old smelly jacket” etc”?)
Window pops up of items in jacket( Separate jacket Inventory) Character looks at items from jacket(lots of pocket space)
ID card, a used pack of gum, an empty prescription bottle, key card(broken), business card with contact information to “someone”, napkin to cafe/bar/place location (new location when  looked at)
USE jacket- put’s on (“yeah that feels right”)
current location is locked room
use broken key card to open door(shimmies the lock) 
or examine room for window exit, vent exit (pick up carpet, -use- window with chair) 
_Scene_2
 outside alleyway
yellow power wires leading from place to place
graffiti 
first new character (sleeping person in alleyway using outside power socket)
Talking to character wakes them up ( “leave me alone! im not bothering anyone”)( “oh, its just YOU, what happened to the other one?”)
Try to talk to but they tell them to give them help/money or  go away refer( will return ) 
Try to convince them but they return to sleep
Leave ally
_Scene_3
Mouse Appears on screen as a PLUS sign(+) turns bold when hovering over OBJECT
click mouse anywhere to make character walk to place, use keys for actions such as— look at, open, close,USE/ interact with, talk to,--- and pick up/put down. Terminal information can be “LOOKED” at by character and commentary appears from the character.

NOTeS
Name, Id information can automatically be imputed after player confirms information “Window opens with confirmation requirement”
Some information not able to change, determined by company(serial number, company name, employee ID) unless outside hardware is used.